# Protocol Overview
This document contains all the protocols merged into one. It is separated into meetings for weeklys and submeetings for conferences in the subteams.

# Table of contents
1. [Meeting 11.09.2022](#W-11.09.2022)
2. [Meeting 16.09.2022](#W-16.09.2022)
3. [Meeting 23.09.2022](#W-23.09.2022)
4. [Submeeting 24.09.2022](#SC-24.09.2022)
5. [Submeeting 30.09.2022](#SC-30.09.2022)
6. [Meeting 30.09.2022](#W-30.09.2022)
7. [Meeting 07.10.2022](#W-07.10.2022)
8. [Meeting 08.10.2022](#SF-08.10.2022)
9. [Meeting 14.10.2022](#W-14.10.2022)
10. [Meeting 21.10.2022](#W-21.10.2022)

<!-- New Meeting -->

# Meeting  Protocol  of  11.09.2022 <a name="W-11.09.2022"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Adrian Khairi```.

## Meeting Participants

* Janin Ahlemeyer
* Adrian Khairi
* Sophie Kirschner
* Maris Koch
* Mika Kuge
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Which project do we prefer to work on?            |We decided to rank the projects. Our ranking of the projects is in this order: 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 and at the end 2.4.                           |
|Who takes on which role/job?                |The roles or rather jobs have been taken on in the upcoming way:<ul><li>Project Lead: Adrian Khairi</li><li>Product Manager: Sophie Kirschner</li><li>System Architect: Mika Kuge</li><li>Test Manager: Janin Ahlemeyer</li><li>Technical Documentation: Maris Koch</li><li>Software Developer: Erika Zhang</li></ul>
|Who should focus on which part of the project?                |Mika, Janin, Maris and Erika will primarily focus on coding, while Sophie and Adrian will focus on the documents or rather the documentation.                             |
|Which platforms do we want to use? Maybe Discord and Github?                |We decided to use Discord and Github. Discord will be used for the communication, while Github will be utilized for the documentation and code. Mika will set up the platforms for usage.                             |
|When should our weeklys (weekly meetings) take place?                |The weeklys will take place fridays after the Software Engineering class.                             |
|Who protocols the weeklys and writes an agenda?                |Adrian will be the one in charge for protocoling the weeklys and writing an agenda.                            |
|Do we want to set this project up in English or German?                |We decided to set the project up in English.                             |

## Problems

At the moment, there are no problems which have to be mentioned.

## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                              |
|----------------|----------------------------------|
|Janin Ahlemeyer |Research about the possible topics|
|Adrian Khairi   |Research about the possible topics                                              |
|Sophie Kirschner|Research about the possible topics                                              |
|Maris Koch      |Research about the possible topics                                              |
|Mika Kuge       |Research about the possible topics                                              |
|Erika Zhang     |Research about the possible topics                                              |

<!-- New Meeting -->

# Meeting  Protocol  of  16.09.2022 <a name="W-16.09.2022"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Adrian Khairi```.

## Meeting Participants

* Janin Ahlemeyer
* Adrian Khairi
* Sophie Kirschner
* Maris Koch
* Mika Kuge
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Does anyone want to switch their role or rather job based on the project?                |Everyone wants to keep their role.                             |
|Who will write an Email to the students who have previously worked on project 2.3?                |Erika will contact the previous class to get some extra information about the project.                             |
|Who should write which document?                |This question will be answered, whenever the projects-board with all the issues is set up.                             |
|Where should the time tracking- and meeting protocols be placed?                |There will be an subfolder for each of those protocols.                             |
|What are our milestones in general?                |In the 3rd semester, our milestones are getting the requested documents done, starting to code and preparing a presentation of our work.                             |
|Information @all: When you set up Issues on the projects-board do not forget about the 3 buffer weeks before the presentation.                |This information was shared with all team members.                             |
|Who will work on the presentation?|Mika and Adrian will primarily work on the presentation.|

## Problems

At the moment, there are no problems which have to be mentioned.

## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                         |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Janin Ahlemeyer |Research aspects related to her role                                           |
|Adrian Khairi   |Research aspects related to his role, create some issues on the projects-board, document this protocol and write the agenda for the next weekly                                         |
|Sophie Kirschner|Research aspects related to her role                                           |
|Maris Koch      |Research aspects related to his role                                           |
|Mika Kuge       |Research aspects related to his role and create some issues on the projects-board                          |
|Erika Zhang     |Research aspects related to her role                                           |

<!-- New Meeting -->

# Meeting  Protocol  of  23.09.2022 <a name="W-23.09.2022"></a>

## Type of Meeting
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
This protocol was written by ```Adrian Khairi```.

## Meeting Participants

* Janin Ahlemeyer
* Adrian Khairi
* Sophie Kirschner
* Maris Koch
* Mika Kuge
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Who will operate as a crucial interface or rather junction between the people focussing primarily on coding and documentation?               |Erika will be the crucial junction between those two groups. Everyone will know certain aspects of each code part and document, but Erika will know the details to spread some information between the subteams, whenever needed.                             |
|Who will research which topic?                |The subteams will have seperate meetings to discuss this topic. The results will be illustrated via issues in the projects-board which will be assigned to a team member.                            |
|When will the time tracking- and meeting protocol template be done?                |The templates were shown in this meeting. After everyone acknowlegded the design and ideas behind the illustrations, the templates where commited to their subfolders in the Github-repository. |
|When can a meeting take place to discuss the way we use the Github-repository?                | This meeting will take place on the 24.09. at 2pm.                             |
|Information @all: The DHBW said that everyone should work up to a maximum of 180 hours in this class.                | This information was shared with all team members.                            |
|Information @all: At the end of the 3rd semester, this documents should be finished and submitted:<ul><li>presentation</li><li>meeting protocols</li><li>CRS, BC, SRS, SAS and the project plan</li></ul>           |This information was shared with all team members.                             |
|Information @all: Please document every task you have worked on. To do that, please use the projects-boards and do not forget to update your personal time tracking protocol.|This information was shared with all team members.|
|Information @all: Every subteam should think of their primary goal for the 3rd semester and for the project in general.Try to make those goals as specific and precise as possible. Please inform Adrian about those goals due to the 26.09. end of business. Those informations are needed for some documents.|This information was shared with all team members.|
|information @all: on the **11.11.2022** the presentation will be given and until the **30.10.2022** all documents should be submitted.|This information was shared with all team members and it will be considered while setting the deadlines of the issues.|
|Idea: Maybe we could look up the Github-repositories of the previous classes to get some inspiration.|This idea was considered a fairly good one. Everyone will look up those Github-repositories in the next days.|
|Who will create and design the UMLs?|The team members who will primarily work on the code will have a meeting on 24.09.2022 at 10am to design the requested UMLs. Afterwards this team will inform the other members of the team about the results. This task will be done by Erika.|

## Problems

* How should we split up the task to work in the most efficient way, regarding the deadlines of the 3rd semester?

## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                         |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Janin Ahlemeyer |Research aspects related to her role and design the UMLs            |
|Adrian Khairi   |Research aspects related to his role, document this protocol, write the agenda for the next weekly and work on the BC issue                             |
|Sophie Kirschner|Research aspects related to her role                  |
|Maris Koch      |Research aspects related to his role and design the UMLs                             |
|Mika Kuge       |Research aspects related to his role, design the UMLs and explain the way of using this Github-repository to all team members                             |
|Erika Zhang     |Research aspects related to her role, design the UMLs and inform Adrian about the primarly goals of team code                             |

<!-- New Meeting -->

# Meeting  Protocol  of  24.09.2022 <a name="SC-24.09.2022"></a>

## Type of Meeting

This meeting was a ```Team Code Meeting```.

## Protocol Writer

This protocol was written by ```Erika Zhang```.

## Meeting Participants

* Janin Ahlemeyer
* Maris Koch
* Mika Kuge
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration

This meeting took ```3 hours```.

## Agenda and Summary
<!-- please use iterating numbers-->

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Define goals for the whole project as well as subgoals for both semesters.                |The goal for the whole project is to create a nameplate generator according to the DIN standard. As well as an UI containing a list of all the components and a search function with autocomplete. It should also be able to display all the sorted information for the asset chosen by the user. Additionally, it should contain a donwload option for PNG and SVG. The main goal is split into two subgoals for the 3rd and 4th semester. The main aspect of the 3rd semester will therefore be to programm the functional tasks such as the requests to the AAS Server through input by the user, a simple UI with the ability to select an asset and generate QR-Code for said asset. Also to generate SVG and PNG from a test canvas. The main task of the 4th semester is to create a react front end as well as fine tuning.                             |
|Set general tools and programming language.                |To test the QR-Codes Scandit Demo and Barcode Generator can be used. The editor is Webstorm and the request art will be fetch. For the illustrations we will use <https://www.softwareideas.net/>. Programming languages will be JavaScript, CSS and HTML.                             |
|Determine modeling techniques.                |A simple activity flow chart was created. Sequence, time flow, class and distribution charts as well as UI and dialog sketches have to be made.                             |
|Create Milestones and Issues and assign them.                |The milestones and issues were created as well as assigned using Github.                             |
|Set code guidelines.                |Following Code Guidelines were set: <ul><li>Camel Case</li><li>Comments only when absolutely necessary</li><li>Methods and Variable names in lower case and understandable</li><li>Method names long (3-4 words)</li><li>Variable names as short as possible</li><li>Iteration Variables should be used in this order: i, j, k</li><li>line after declaring variables</li></ul>                            |

## Problems

At the moment, there are no problems which have to be mentioned.

## Work Progress

|Name            |Task                         |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Janin Ahlemeyer | Research open source license                            |
|Maris Koch      | Research QR-Library         |
|Mika Kuge       | Research Canvas/Image to SVG library                            |
|Erika Zhang     | Create simple UI Concept                           |

<!-- New Meeting -->

# Meeting  Protocol  of  30.09.2022 <a name="SC-30.09.2022"></a>

## Type of Meeting

This meeting was a ```Team Code Meeting```.

## Protocol Writer

This protocol was written by ```Erika Zhang```.

## Meeting Participants

* Janin Ahlemeyer
* Maris Koch
* Mika Kuge
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration

This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Presenting tasks results.                |The progress is:<ul><li>Maris: Researched the QRCode.js library and successfully generated QR codes in PNG and SVG format for test purposes. Due to the problem mentioned below Maris also generated QR codes using SVG resulting in a distinct text and QR code even when zooming in.</li><li>Mika: Demonstrated the base structure of the react project.</li><li>Janin: Presented the different Licenses Permissive, Copyleft, Weak Copyleft and Copyright. Specifically the options github already has were introduced. The team decided to use MIT and it was added to the project github under [LICENSE](https://github.com/mk28/TINF21C_Team2_AAS_digital_nameplate/blob/main/LICENSE).</li><li>Erika: Display of the UI sketches. Small changes such as smaller navigation bar, titles and adding animations were suggested by the team.</li></ul>                             |
|Adjust the tasks and assign them.                |The tasks were adjusted by adding more details for instance required function. This can be seen in the issue details of the project github. The tasks were assigned.                             |

## Problems


Maris: While creating QR codes, the QR codes as well as the text are blurry when zooming in therefore using canvas is not a good option.

## Work Progress


|Name            |Task                         |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Janin Ahlemeyer | Implement functional AAS requests                            |
|Maris Koch      | Implement data refinement                            |
|Mika Kuge       | Implement UI Concept                            |
|Erika Zhang     | Create a wiki for the github and adjust designs                           |


<!-- New Meeting -->

# Meeting  Protocol  of  30.09.2022 <a name="W-30.09.2022"></a>

## Type of Meeting

This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer

This protocol was written by ```Adrian Khairi```.

## Meeting Participants

* Janin Ahlemeyer
* Adrian Khairi
* Sophie Kirschner
* Maris Koch
* Mika Kuge
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration

This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary
<!-- please use iterating numbers-->

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Could everyone give an update on his/her work progress? *This will be documented in the upcoming section.* Furthermore, this will inform everyone about the current status of the project.                |Done, look at ```Work Progress```                             |
|Is anybody facing a problem related to the project's success? *This will be documented in the upcoming section.*                |Done, look at ```Problems```                             |
|Information @all: Do not forget to set every hour you worked for this project in your personal time tracking protocol.                | Done                            |
|Do we already have an excellent Github-wiki? If not, who could write one? What should be written in this certain section? Furthermore, please set up an issue on the projects-board and choose a deadline.                |Maris will primarily write the Wiki. We can inspire ourselves by the Wiki's of previous classes. It is important to write the general background, the user manual, the dependencies, and the end-user-explanation. Further details will be talked about, when the general overview is created.                             |
|Are there any other things related to this project you want to talk about?                |The tasks and topics are more team specific things than general tasks, so they will be mentioned in subcall meetings.                             |
|Erika had a suggestion: At the moment, we use one folder for every type of meeting protocol, e.g. weeklys and subteam meetings. Should we seperate the weekly protocol from other meeting protocols by creating subfolders?                |Undertiteling the protocol's names is the way to go to differenciate the meetings types from each other.                             |
|How can we split up Janin & Erika's workloads? Both of them feel ill due to Covid. They should rest, instead of doing project related work.|Done, every task is scheduled in GitHub's project|
|BC table: Do the hours fit your roles?|It was talked about the topic and everybody is feeling ok with the table.|
|BC: Please read the document and check it on logic and grammar. -@Sophie and Erika|Both will read the document and comment on it, whenever they see some uncertainties.|
|@Sophie: Can you create the GANTT chart? You will find some inspiriration looking in our BC and by looking up the repositories of previos classes.|It will be done due to Monday.|
|SAS titeling should be refined - look @Mika's chat with Adrian|Done|

## Problems

* Maris: the first idea was to generate the name plates via canvas. That will not work. In the subcall meeting they will focus on this topic.

* Mika: Mika also found the same problem as Maris.

* Adrian and Erika: BC has to be shortened to meet the expectations of 4 pages.

## Work Progress


|Name            |Task                         |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Janin Ahlemeyer |researched on licenses       |
|Adrian Khairi   |Research on Tableau for analyzing the time trackings later on in the project, documenting this protocol, writing the agenda for next week and finishing the first version of the BC                        |
|Sophie Kirschner|worked on CRS(inspired by last years Git-repositories)|
|Maris Koch      |worked and researched on QR codes on name plates|
|Mika Kuge       |set up react project, initialized SVG things, some research on QR codes and libariries|
|Erika Zhang     |Worked on SRS and did some UI sketches|


<!-- New Meeting -->

# Meeting  Protocol  of  07.10.2022 <a name="W-07.10.2022"></a>

## Type of Meeting

This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer

This protocol was written by ```Adrian Khairi```.

## Meeting Participants

* Janin Ahlemeyer
* Adrian Khairi
* Sophie Kirschner
* Maris Koch
* Mika Kuge
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration

This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary
<!-- please use iterating numbers-->

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Could everyone give an update on his/her work progress? *This will be documented in the upcoming section.* Furthermore, this will inform everyone about the current status of the project.                |Done, look at ```Work Progress```                             |
|Is anybody facing a problem related to the project's success? *This will be documented in the upcoming section.*                | Done, look at ```Problems```                            |
|Who will work on which section of the GitHub wiki? Maris should primarily work on this topic since it is his role.                | Erika created the general concept of the GitHub Wiki. Janin and Maris will write aspects of it, whenever the time has come to document those aspects. Most of it, will be done in the 2fourth semester.                            |
|@Adrian: Is the GANTT chart added to the BC? Can we finish the project issue of BC?                |The GANTT will be referenced and put into a subfolder on the GitHub.                             |
|Has anyone read the "DKE Deutsche Kommission
Elektrotechnik Elektronik Informationstechnik
in DIN und VDE" and "DIN SPEC 91406" PDF in the nextcloud? If not, is it important to our work? If yes, who could read and summarize it?                |The relevant PDFs were read by all team members of Team Code and uncertainties were discussed in a special meeting.                             |
| A wish by Sophie: We should do a poll on some design choices: looking at her document...<ul><li>Should we use ":" in tables?</li><li>Should the version-iteration start with 0.x or 1.x? E.g. version 0.1</li><li>How should the title page look like? Adrian's version or Sophie's?</li><li>Should the version control be on the title page?</li><li>Should the references be referenced in IEEE style or just with a link?</li></ul>                |Those details were discussed and harmonized by the team. In that case, Sophie's wish to discuss those topics is accomplished. These are the results: <ul><li>Without ":"</li><li>It should iterate starting from 1.0</li><li>Adrian & Erika's design will be the style of the title page</li><li>no, it should not</li><li>They should be referenced in IEEE</li></ul>                             |
|@Erika und Adrian: Write weekly update to customers.|Done|

## Problems

At the moment, there are no problems which have to be mentioned.

## Work Progress


|Name            |Task                         |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Janin Ahlemeyer |Created a AAS on a local host, AASX can now be loaded onto the server and some request function                              |
|Adrian Khairi   |Initialized and refined PSP, worked on further details of the Tableau analysis, read and corrected CRS, prepared this meeting protocol and leads this meeting                             |
|Sophie Kirschner|Created GANTT chart, refined the CRS and created activity diagrams                             |
|Maris Koch      |Worked on data refinement for all assets of server and for specific details of asset as well as a meeting with Janin to get to a certain understanding of coresponding aspects                             |
|Mika Kuge       |Started off with the UI and created a first idea of the search bar                              |
|Erika Zhang     |Read and Rewrote CRS, read and corrected PSP and initialized the SRS and worked on the UI concept(Hi-Fi version)                              |


<!-- New Meeting -->

# Meeting  Protocol  of  08.10.2022 <a name="SF-08.10.2022"></a>

## Type of Meeting

This meeting was a ```Team Documentation Meeting```.

## Protocol Writer

This protocol was written by ```Adrian Khairi```.

## Meeting Participants

* Adrian Khairi
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration

This meeting took ```3 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary
<!-- please use iterating numbers-->

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Write the issues into the GitHub, so that the customer can see and review them.                |Done                             |
|How can we refine the created documents even more?                |                             |
|Who will do which part of number two's summary?                |Some ideas were: Looking up actual enterprise documents, use Standards (those from the customers, the slides of the customers and IEEE), refine the wordings, use illustrations to provide a better understanding, a lot of communication with the customers to surpass their expectations                             |<ul><li>Erika: Look up Standards (those from the customers, the slides of the customers and IEEE) and refine the documents based on those</li>
<li>Adrian: Look up actual enterprise documents to get a further view on documents, so that you can improve those.</li></ul>

## Problems

At the moment, there are no problems which have to be mentioned.

## Work Progress


|Name            |Task                         |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Adrian Khairi   |The tasks of summary under number 2 are done or in progress                             |
|Erika Zhang     |The tasks of summary under number 2 are done or in progress                             |


<!-- New Meeting -->

# Meeting  Protocol  of  14.10.2022 <a name="W-14.10.2022"></a>

## Type of Meeting

This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer

This protocol was written by ```Adrian Khairi```.

## Meeting Participants

* Janin Ahlemeyer
* Adrian Khairi
* Sophie Kirschner
* Maris Koch
* Mika Kuge
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration

This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Could everyone give an update on his/her work progress? *This will be documented in the upcoming section.* Furthermore, this will inform everyone about the current status of the project.                |Done, look at ```Work Progress```                             |
|Is anybody facing a problem related to the project's success? *This will be documented in the upcoming section.*                |Done, look at ```Problems```                             |
|Are there any topics you want to talk about based on the customer real life meeting or rather update?                |Nothing in particular.                             |
|@Erika und Adrian: Write weekly update to customers.                |Done in form of the customer meeting.                             |

## Problems

*On the 14.10.2022, there was a customer meeting. Certain aspects were requested differently. Those aspects will be discussed in submeeting and will be put in issues.

*Maris Koch: Accidently worked on two issues (Data refinement and AAS request) and committed it. For now the code will suffice, however, in the next semester it shall be split into two modules. 

## Work Progress


|Name            |Task                         |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Janin Ahlemeyer |Worked on listing of edge case                             |
|Adrian Khairi   |Read enterprise documents to improve our documents even more, worked on Tableau design, prepared and lead the weekly and researched further details                             |
|Sophie Kirschner|Refined CRS and created GANTT Chart for 4th semester                             |
|Maris Koch      |research on data refinement and research on systematical request on nameplates to extract certain data                             |
|Mika Kuge       |Worked and researched on React Router                             |
|Erika Zhang     |Rewrote certain parts of CRS, worked on edge cases, wrote parts of SRS                            |


<!-- New Meeting -->


# Meeting  Protocol  of  21.10.2022 <a name="W-21.10.2022"></a>

## Type of Meeting

This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer

This protocol was written by ```Adrian Khairi```.

## Meeting Participants

* Janin Ahlemeyer
* Adrian Khairi
* Sophie Kirschner
* Maris Koch
* Mika Kuge
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration

This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda and Summary

|Agenda          |Summary                      |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Could everyone give an update on his/her work progress? *This will be documented in the upcoming section.* Furthermore, this will inform everyone about the current status of the project.                |Done, look at ```Work Progress```                             |
|Is anybody facing a problem related to the project's success? *This will be documented in the upcoming section.*                |Done, look at ```Problems```                             |
|                |                             |
|                |                             |
|                |                             |
|                |                             |

## Problems

* Janin Ahlemeyer, Adrian Khairi, Maris Koch and Erika Zhang were sick during this week.

* Mika Kuge: There was some buggy behaviour of the DataRefinement class. It now has a basic patch, but the deployed version is still unstable.

## Work Progress


|Name            |Task                         |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Janin Ahlemeyer |Testing edge cases                             |
|Adrian Khairi   |Refine BC and PSP through information of customer meeting on 14.10.2022, prepare & lead the weekly, create first Version of Tableau Time Tracking Analysis, create Excels for variable-, fix- and total costs as well as for the offer, read enterprise documents & might adjust certain details in documents and plan the last 2 weeks before the delivery day                             |
|Sophie Kirschner|Refinement of CRS and Gantt chart of fourth Semester                             |
|Maris Koch      |Had a look at the user manuals from the last years to get an general overview of the structure, created an agenda in the GitHub Wiki for the user manual                              |
|Mika Kuge       |Implement data refinement into UI, website can now accept a server addrees and display the assets on the server                             |
|Erika Zhang     |Rewrote CRS, finished SRS and initialized SAS, proof read BC and PSP                             |

<!-- New Meeting -->
