<!-- fill in date-->
# Meeting  Protocol  of  24.09.2022

## Type of Meeting
<!-- fill in "Weekly", "Team Code Meeting" or "Team Documentation Meeting"-->
This meeting was a ```Team Code Meeting```.

## Protocol Writer
<!-- fill in "Erika Zhang" or "Adrian Khairi"-->
This protocol was written by ```Erika Zhang```.

## Meeting Participants

* Janin Ahlemeyer
* Maris Koch
* Mika Kuge
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration
<!-- fill in time, if it isn't a Weekly- in hours-->
This meeting took ```3 hours```.

## Agenda
<!-- please use iterating numbers-->

1. Define goals for the whole project as well as subgoals for both semesters.

2. Set general tools and programming language.
  
3. Determine modeling techniques.

4. Create Milestones and Issues and assign them.

5. Set code guidelines.

## Summary
<!-- please use iterating numbers-->

1. The goal for the whole project is to create a nameplate generator according to the DIN standard. As well as an UI containing a list of all the components and a search function with autocomplete. It should also be able to display all the sorted information for the asset chosen by the user. Additionally, it should contain a donwload option for PNG and SVG. The main goal is split into two subgoals for the 3rd and 4th semester. The main aspect of the 3rd semester will therefore be to programm the functional tasks such as the requests to the AAS Server through input by the user, a simple UI with the ability to select an asset and generate QR-Code for said asset. Also to generate SVG and PNG from a test canvas. The main task of the 4th semester is to create a react front end as well as fine tuning.

2. To test the QR-Codes Scandit Demo and Barcode Generator can be used. The editor is Webstorm and the request art will be fetch. For the illustrations we will use https://www.softwareideas.net/. Programming languages will be JavaScript, CSS and HTML.
  
3. A simple activity flow chart was created. Sequence, time flow, class and distribution charts as well as UI and dialog sketches have to be made.

4. The milestones and issues were created as well as assigned using Github.

5. Following Code Guidelines were set:

* Camel Case
* Comments only when absolutely necessary
* Methods and Variable names in lower case and understandable 
* Method names long (3-4 words)
* Variable names as short as possible
* Iteration Variables should be used in this order: i, j, k
* line after declaring variables

## Problems
<!-- fill out if something happened, otherwise just let the previewn sentence stay there-->

At the moment, there are no problems which have to be mentioned.

## Work Progress
<!-- please fill out the tasks-->

|Name            |Task                         |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Janin Ahlemeyer | Research open source license                            |
|Maris Koch      | Research QR-Library         |
|Mika Kuge       | Research Canvas/Image to SVG library                            |
|Erika Zhang     | Create simple UI Concept                            |