<!-- fill in date-->
# Meeting  Protocol  of  07.10.2022

## Type of Meeting
<!-- fill in "Weekly", "Team Code Meeting" or "Team Documentation Meeting"-->
This meeting was a ```Weekly```.

## Protocol Writer
<!-- fill in "Erika Zhang" or "Adrian Khairi"-->
This protocol was written by ```Adrian Khairi```.

## Meeting Participants

* Janin Ahlemeyer
* Adrian Khairi
* Sophie Kirschner
* Maris Koch
* Mika Kuge
* Erika Zhang

## Meeting Duration
<!-- fill in time, if it isn't a Weekly- in hours-->
This meeting took ```1 hour```.

## Agenda
<!-- please use iterating numbers-->

1. Could everyone give an update on his/her work progress? *This will be documented in the upcoming section.* Furthermore, this will inform everyone about the current status of the project.

2. Is anybody facing a problem related to the project's success? *This will be documented in the upcoming section.*
  
3. Who will work on which section of the GitHub wiki? Maris should primarily work on this topic since it is his role.

4. @Adrian: Is the GANTT chart added to the BC? Can we finish the project issue of BC?

5. Has anyone read the "DKE Deutsche Kommission
Elektrotechnik Elektronik Informationstechnik
in DIN und VDE" and "DIN SPEC 91406" PDF in the nextcloud? If not, is it important to our work? If yes, who could read and summarize it?

6. A wish by Sophie: We should do a poll on some design choices: looking at her document...
   * Should we use ":" in tables?
   * Should the version-iteration start with 0.x or 1.x? E.g. version 0.1
   * How should the title page look like? Adrian's version or Sophie's?
   * Should the version control be on the title page?
   * Should the references be referenced in IEEE style or just with a link?

7. @Erika und Adrian: Write weekly update to customers.

## Summary
<!-- please use iterating numbers-->

1. Done, look at ```Work Progress```

2. Done, look at ```Problems```
  
3. Erika created the general concept of the GitHub Wiki. Janin and Maris will write aspects of it, whenever the time has come to document those aspects. Most of it, will be done in the 2fourth semester.

4. The GANTT will be referenced and put into a subfolder on the GitHub.

5. The relevant PDFs were read by all team members of Team Code and uncertainties were discussed in a special meeting.

6. Those details were discussed and harmonized by the team. In that case, Sophie's wish to discuss those topics is accomplished. These are the results:
   * Without ":"
   * It should iterate starting from 1.0
   * Adrian & Erika's design will be the style of the title page
   * no, it should not
   * They should be referenced in IEEE

7. Done

## Problems
<!-- fill out if something happened, otherwise just let the previewn sentence stay there-->

At the moment, there are no problems which have to be mentioned.

## Work Progress
<!-- please fill out the tasks-->

|Name            |Task                         |
|----------------|-----------------------------|
|Janin Ahlemeyer |Created a AAS on a local host, AASX can now be loaded onto the server and some request function                              |
|Adrian Khairi   |Initialized and refined PSP, worked on further details of the Tableau analysis, read and corrected CRS, prepared this meeting protocol and leads this meeting                             |
|Sophie Kirschner|Created GANTT chart, refined the CRS and created activity diagrams                             |
|Maris Koch      |Worked on data refinement for all assets of server and for specific details of asset as well as a meeting with Janin to get to a certain understanding of coresponding aspects                             |
|Mika Kuge       |Started off with the UI and created a first idea of the search bar                              |
|Erika Zhang     |Read and corrected CRS as well as PSP and initialized the SRS and worked on the UI concept(Hi-Fi version)                              |
